Added creator/editor read-only fields in edit resource properties modal (#9968)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

*In any case*, the update scripts contain also a part to populate the `creator` column, that can not be applied automatically with  [database creation mode](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/database-setup/#database-creation-mode) set to `update`.
So if you want to see this information, even if it is not strictily required, you will have to run the migration scripts anyway.

- For script reference see:

    [postgresql migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/postgresql/postgresql-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)

    [h2 migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/h2/h2-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)

    [oracle migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/oracle/oracle-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Migration from 2023.02.02 to 2024.01.00

> ### Creator, editor and advertised columns
> 
> The resource metadata has been recently extented to include these three columns. In order to properly setup the database, please refer to the [database creation mode](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/database-setup/#database-creation-mode) general guidelines. More specifically with regards to these three columns, you have to do the following steps, depending on which `database creation option` and `database type` you have chosen:
> 
> - In case of an `update` database creation option:
>   - The table columns are updated automatically for the corresponding database type.
>   - The creator column fields are not populated.
>   - Keep in mind that the `update` option is the default option used by MapStore, unless explicitly told otherwise.
>   - In order to populate the creator column, you have to manually execute the following script:
> 
>   ```sql
>         update gs_resource as gsr
>             set creator = subquery.name
>         from
>         (select gsu.name, gss.resource_id from geostore.gs_security as gss join     geostore.gs_user as gsu on (gss.user_id = gsu.id)
>         where gss.user_id IS NOT NULL) as subquery
>         where gsr.id = subquery.resource_id and gsr.creator IS NULL;
>   ```
> 
>   - For script reference see:
> 
>     [postgresql migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/postgresql/postgresql-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)
> 
>     [h2 migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/h2/h2-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)
> 
>     [oracle migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/oracle/oracle-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)
> 
> - In case of a `validate` database creation option:
>   - The table columns will not be updated.
>   - You have to manually execute the whole script referenced above, depending on your choice of database type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource metadata has been recently extented to include  information about resource creator and editor and to provide the advertises/unadvertised resource functionalities.
If your installation has the [database creation mode](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/database-setup/#database-creation-mode) set to `update` (the default), the columns will be added automatically and you do not have to do any action. If it is set to `validate` instead you will have to run the update scripts.

*In any case*, the update scripts contain also a part to populate the `creator` column, that can not be applied automatically with  [database creation mode](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/database-setup/#database-creation-mode) set to `update`.
So if you want to see this information, even if it is not strictily required, you will have to run the migration scripts anyway.

- For script reference see:

    [postgresql migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/postgresql/postgresql-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)

    [h2 migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/h2/h2-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)

    [oracle migration script 2.0.0 to 2.1.0](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/geostore/blob/master/doc/sql/migration/oracle/oracle-migration-from-v.2.0.0-to-v2.1.0.sql)

```
